aide	 	Nom commun feminin
chef	 	Nom commun masculin
enfant	 	Nom commun masculin
garde	 	Nom commun masculin
gauche	 	Nom commun feminin
geste	 	Nom commun masculin
gosse	 	Nom commun masculin
livre	 	Nom commun masculin
merci	 	Nom commun masculin
mort	 	Nom commun feminin
ombre	 	Nom commun feminin
part	 	Nom commun feminin
poche	 	Nom commun feminin
professeur	 	Nom commun masculin
tour	 	Nom commun feminin
fois	 	Nom commun feminin
madame	 	Nom commun feminin
paix	 	Nom commun feminin
voix	 	Nom commun feminin
affaire	 	Nom commun feminin
annee	 	Nom commun feminin
arme	 	Nom commun feminin
armee	 	Nom commun feminin
attention	 	Nom commun feminin
balle	 	Nom commun feminin
boîte	 	Nom commun feminin
bouche	 	Nom commun feminin
carte	 	Nom commun feminin
cause	 	Nom commun feminin
chambre	 	Nom commun feminin
chance	 	Nom commun feminin
chose	 	Nom commun feminin
classe	 	Nom commun feminin
confiance	 	Nom commun feminin
couleur	 	Nom commun feminin
cour	 	Nom commun feminin
cuisine	 	Nom commun feminin
dame	 	Nom commun feminin
dent	 	Nom commun feminin
droite	 	Nom commun feminin
ecole	 	Nom commun feminin
eglise	 	Nom commun feminin
envie	 	Nom commun feminin
epaule	 	Nom commun feminin
epoque	 	Nom commun feminin
equipe	 	Nom commun feminin
erreur	 	Nom commun feminin
espèce	 	Nom commun feminin
face	 	Nom commun feminin
façon	 	Nom commun feminin
faim	 	Nom commun feminin
famille	 	Nom commun feminin
faute	 	Nom commun feminin
femme	 	Nom commun feminin
fenêtre	 	Nom commun feminin
fête	 	Nom commun feminin
fille	 	Nom commun feminin
fleur	 	Nom commun feminin
force	 	Nom commun feminin
forme	 	Nom commun feminin
guerre	 	Nom commun feminin
gueule	 	Nom commun feminin
habitude	 	Nom commun feminin
heure	 	Nom commun feminin
histoire	 	Nom commun feminin
idee	 	Nom commun feminin
image	 	Nom commun feminin
impression	 	Nom commun feminin
jambe	 	Nom commun feminin
joie	 	Nom commun feminin
journee	 	Nom commun feminin
langue	 	Nom commun feminin
lettre	 	Nom commun feminin
lèvre	 	Nom commun feminin
ligne	 	Nom commun feminin
lumière	 	Nom commun feminin
main	 	Nom commun feminin
maison	 	Nom commun feminin
maman	 	Nom commun feminin
manière	 	Nom commun feminin
marche	 	Nom commun feminin
merde	 	Nom commun feminin
mère	 	Nom commun feminin
minute	 	Nom commun feminin
musique	 	Nom commun feminin
nuit	 	Nom commun feminin
odeur	 	Nom commun feminin
oreille	 	Nom commun feminin
parole	 	Nom commun feminin
partie	 	Nom commun feminin
peau	 	Nom commun feminin
peine	 	Nom commun feminin
pensee	 	Nom commun feminin
personne	 	Nom commun feminin
peur	 	Nom commun feminin
photo	 	Nom commun feminin
pièce	 	Nom commun feminin
pierre	 	Nom commun feminin
place	 	Nom commun feminin
police	 	Nom commun feminin
porte	 	Nom commun feminin
presence	 	Nom commun feminin
prison	 	Nom commun feminin
putain	 	Nom commun feminin
question	 	Nom commun feminin
raison	 	Nom commun feminin
reponse	 	Nom commun feminin
robe	 	Nom commun feminin
route	 	Nom commun feminin
salle	 	Nom commun feminin
scène	 	Nom commun feminin
seconde	 	Nom commun feminin
securite	 	Nom commun feminin
semaine	 	Nom commun feminin
situation	 	Nom commun feminin
soeur	 	Nom commun feminin
soiree	 	Nom commun feminin
sorte	 	Nom commun feminin
suite	 	Nom commun feminin
table	 	Nom commun feminin
terre	 	Nom commun feminin
tête	 	Nom commun feminin
verite	 	Nom commun feminin
ville	 	Nom commun feminin
voiture	 	Nom commun feminin
avis	 	Nom commun masculin
bois	 	Nom commun masculin
bras	 	Nom commun masculin
choix	 	Nom commun masculin
corps	 	Nom commun masculin
cours	 	Nom commun masculin
gars	 	Nom commun masculin
mois	 	Nom commun masculin
pays	 	Nom commun masculin
prix	 	Nom commun masculin
propos	 	Nom commun masculin
sens	 	Nom commun masculin
temps	 	Nom commun masculin
travers	 	Nom commun masculin
vieux	 	Nom commun masculin
accord	 	Nom commun masculin
agent	 	Nom commun masculin
amour	 	Nom commun masculin
appel	 	Nom commun masculin
arbre	 	Nom commun masculin
argent	 	Nom commun masculin
avenir	 	Nom commun masculin
avion	 	Nom commun masculin
bateau	 	Nom commun masculin
bebe	 	Nom commun masculin
besoin	 	Nom commun masculin
bonheur	 	Nom commun masculin
bonjour	 	Nom commun masculin
bord	 	Nom commun masculin
boulot	 	Nom commun masculin
bout	 	Nom commun masculin
bruit	 	Nom commun masculin
bureau	 	Nom commun masculin
cafe	 	Nom commun masculin
camp	 	Nom commun masculin
capitaine	 	Nom commun masculin
chat	 	Nom commun masculin
chemin	 	Nom commun masculin
cheri	 	Nom commun masculin
cheval	 	Nom commun masculin
cheveu	 	Nom commun masculin
chien	 	Nom commun masculin
ciel	 	Nom commun masculin
client	 	Nom commun masculin
cœur	 	Nom commun masculin
coin	 	Nom commun masculin
colonel	 	Nom commun masculin
compte	 	Nom commun masculin
copain	 	Nom commun masculin
côte	 	Nom commun masculin
coup	 	Nom commun masculin
courant	 	Nom commun masculin
debut	 	Nom commun masculin
depart	 	Nom commun masculin
dieu	 	Nom commun masculin
docteur	 	Nom commun masculin
doigt	 	Nom commun masculin
dollar	 	Nom commun masculin
doute	 	Nom commun masculin
droit	 	Nom commun masculin
effet	 	Nom commun masculin
endroit	 	Nom commun masculin
ennemi	 	Nom commun masculin
escalier	 	Nom commun masculin
esprit	 	Nom commun masculin
etat	 	Nom commun masculin
être	 	Nom commun masculin
exemple	 	Nom commun masculin
fait	 	Nom commun masculin
film	 	Nom commun masculin
flic	 	Nom commun masculin
fond	 	Nom commun masculin
français	 	Nom commun masculin
frère	 	Nom commun masculin
front	 	Nom commun masculin
garçon	 	Nom commun masculin
general	 	Nom commun masculin
genre	 	Nom commun masculin
goût	 	Nom commun masculin
gouvernement	 	Nom commun masculin
grand	 	Nom commun masculin
groupe	 	Nom commun masculin
haut	 	Nom commun masculin
homme	 	Nom commun masculin
honneur	 	Nom commun masculin
hôtel	 	Nom commun masculin
instant	 	Nom commun masculin
interêt	 	Nom commun masculin
interieur	 	Nom commun masculin
jardin	 	Nom commun masculin
jour	 	Nom commun masculin
journal	 	Nom commun masculin
lieu	 	Nom commun masculin
long	 	Nom commun masculin
maître	 	Nom commun masculin
mari	 	Nom commun masculin
mariage	 	Nom commun masculin
matin	 	Nom commun masculin
medecin	 	Nom commun masculin
mètre	 	Nom commun masculin
milieu	 	Nom commun masculin
million	 	Nom commun masculin
moment	 	Nom commun masculin
monde	 	Nom commun masculin
monsieur	 	Nom commun masculin
mouvement	 	Nom commun masculin
moyen	 	Nom commun masculin
noir	 	Nom commun masculin
nouveau	 	Nom commun masculin
numero	 	Nom commun masculin
oeil	 	Nom commun masculin
oiseau	 	Nom commun masculin
oncle	 	Nom commun masculin
ordre	 	Nom commun masculin
papa	 	Nom commun masculin
papier	 	Nom commun masculin
parent	 	Nom commun masculin
passage	 	Nom commun masculin
passe	 	Nom commun masculin
patron	 	Nom commun masculin
père	 	Nom commun masculin
petit	 	Nom commun masculin
peuple	 	Nom commun masculin
pied	 	Nom commun masculin
plaisir	 	Nom commun masculin
plan	 	Nom commun masculin
point	 	Nom commun masculin
pouvoir	 	Nom commun masculin
premier	 	Nom commun masculin
present	 	Nom commun masculin
president	 	Nom commun masculin
prince	 	Nom commun masculin
problème	 	Nom commun masculin
quartier	 	Nom commun masculin
rapport	 	Nom commun masculin
regard	 	Nom commun masculin
reste	 	Nom commun masculin
retard	 	Nom commun masculin
retour	 	Nom commun masculin
rêve	 	Nom commun masculin
revoir	 	Nom commun masculin
salut	 	Nom commun masculin
sang	 	Nom commun masculin
secret	 	Nom commun masculin
seigneur	 	Nom commun masculin
sentiment	 	Nom commun masculin
service	 	Nom commun masculin
seul	 	Nom commun masculin
siècle	 	Nom commun masculin
signe	 	Nom commun masculin
silence	 	Nom commun masculin
soir	 	Nom commun masculin
soldat	 	Nom commun masculin
soleil	 	Nom commun masculin
sourire	 	Nom commun masculin
souvenir	 	Nom commun masculin
sujet	 	Nom commun masculin
telephone	 	Nom commun masculin
tout	 	Nom commun masculin
train	 	Nom commun masculin
travail	 	Nom commun masculin
trou	 	Nom commun masculin
truc	 	Nom commun masculin
type	 	Nom commun masculin
vent	 	Nom commun masculin
ventre	 	Nom commun masculin
verre	 	Nom commun masculin
village	 	Nom commun masculin
visage	 	Nom commun masculin
voyage	 	Nom commun masculin
fils	 	Nom commun masculin pluriel
gens	 	Nom commun pluriel